Update 1RPC docs (#115)
automata-network/docs: docs/1rpc/1rpc+.md

# 1RPC+

### Overview

> 1RPC+ is a subscription plan that offers users more granular, dynamic control of their personal data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1RPC+ is a subscription plan that offers users more granular, dynamic control of their interaction with blockchain. 
```
